Feature/documentation (#161)
CERT-Polska/mquery: docs/utils/index.md

                        Numer of working datasets (uses sane value by
                        default).
```

## Example

Probably the most complex script shipped with mquery. See
[indexing](../indexing.md) guide for complete a tutorial. Basic usage is
relatively simple though. To index files with ursadb running natively, run:

```
$ python3 -m utils.index --workdir /tmp/work --path ../samples --path-mount /mnt/samples
ERROR:root:Can't connect to ursadb instance at tcp://localhost:9281
INFO:root:Prepare.1: load all indexed files into memory.
INFO:root:Prepare.2: find all new files.
INFO:root:Prepare.3: Got 1 files in 1 batches to index.
INFO:root:Index.1: Determine compacting threshold.
INFO:root:Index.1: Compact threshold = 84.
INFO:root:Index.2: Find prepared batches.
INFO:root:Index.2: Got 1 batches to run.
INFO:root:Index.3: Run index commands with 2 workers.
INFO:root:Index.4: Batch /tmp/work/batch_0000000000.txt done [1/1].
INFO:root:Index.5: Unlinking the workdir.
INFO:root:Indexing finished. Consider compacting the database now
```

## Caveats

This script can be stopped with Ctrl+C at any point, but the last started
started indexing batch will continue.

> Don't set `--workers` parameter to a number too big! It can cause OOM crashes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't set `--workers` parameter to a number too big! It can cause out of memory crashes.
```
